For this weeks blog I will be talking about how I completed Lab 3.

For Lab 3, we had to utilize ansible, which is an IT automation tool. The first steps were to make playbooks that would install apache and prometheus. 

To start, I create a folder using `mkdir` to hold all my files. For the apache playbook, I use the command `code apache` to create the apache playbook. 
Within the playbook, I simply followed a guide and videos from the lecture to get the code and syntax to install apache, however I kept getting an "apt lock" error. I learned that this error had to deal with permissions, 
and with some research, I found the solution is to add `become: yes`, right under the first tasks block in my apache file. The next step is to download the required modules, which again was a simple task of following instructions from an online guide.
The code would be as follows:   - name: enabled mod_rewrite apache2_module: name=rewrite state=present. To check if my modules were correctly loaded, I used the command `apache2ctl -t -D DUMP_MODULES`, which would display all loaded modules.

The prometheus playbook made me search across all corners of the website to complete, because there are various instructions. Installing wget and curl were simple, using the same method as installing apache, but I needed to create a directory for prometheus to install and untar to. 
To do this, I used the block  - name: create directory file: path: /etc/packages state: directory. This creates a folder called packages, within the etc folder, to install prometheus to. To install packages from https, I used the command `get url:`, and then used `dest` as the pathway to install to.
The part I was stuck on the most for this lab was the last step, which was to update the prometheus.yml that was unpackaged because I could not find any command that does that job. With the professors instruction, I was clarified that I could use a previously edited prometheus.yml file, but must find a way to make my playbook take the edited file, and replace the old one.
To do that first I had to enter this into the terminal `cp ~/prometheus.yml/`, then used the `copy` command in my playbook file to complete the last step
