For this weeks blog, I will go over how to host a static website using Route 53 and S3 buckets using the AWS console. Firstly, have your website hosted
through a hosting site. For our project, we used namecheap.com. We already had an EC2 instance running, which contains our DNS, so the next step would be
to copy the four Domain names for your site, and to paste them on your hosting provider. Now, we need to create hosted zones. Under route 53, create a hosted zone
and enter your domain name, and set it to a public hosted zone. Now we will create an S3 Bucket for the hosted zone we just created. Navigate to S3. create a new buck,
and make sure "Block all public access" is deselected. Next is to create a bucket policy. When you select bucket policy, you will already get a skeleton which you'll 
need to fill out. Enter the following values: Sid = PublicReadGetObject, Effect = Allow, Action = s3:GetObject, Recource = enter your arn id. Navigate to 
Static Website Hosting and input index.html under index document. This is essentially your display page for your website. Navigate back to your hosted zone and create
a record set. Select the from an S3 Alias option, and enter the s3 bucket that you had just created. Now we are going to do the process again, but for www. + your 
website name. The only difference will be for your s3 bucket, keep all options as default. On the same page, there is an option to upload files. Upload your websites
index.html page. After a short amount of time, entering your website on the address bar should display the html in your index.html file that you uploaded
