For this weeks blog, I will go over on how to request for an SSL Certificate for free from AWS. First step is to head to the AWS console, and search Certificate Manager.
Fill in your domain name, along with any additional domain names (such as www. or *.), and then click on request. Next we need to create a record set within Route 53 to
hold the certificate. This process is simple, as aws already has a button to create that for you. Click on Create Record Set to progress. If you manuever to Certificates,
you'll see the certificate you requested, which will probably still be under the pending status. After a couple of minutes, the status should be changed to issued.
The next step is to configure your security groups of the EC2 instance to listen for https on port 443. Simply go to your EC2 instance, and edit the security group page,
select https and specify port 443. The final step to have your website have https, is to create the load balancer. You will find the load balancer page under the EC2 
instance page. Select Load Balancer, Create load balancer, then choose Application Load balancer. Give your new load balancer a name, and select HTTPS on port 443 under 
the Listeners portion. Select the availbility zones that your EC2 instance is created under. Finalize your Load balancer configurations and hit create load balancer. 
On the load balancer home page, you will find the load balancer you have just created. Highlight it to view its details, and you will notice an A record DNS name.
Copy that and go to your Route 53 record sets. Find an A record set, switch it to alias, and point it to the dns name of your load balancer. Wait a couple minutes,
and now your website should be secured with https.
