For this week's blog, I will talk about integrated AWS CodeDeploy with Github. I was tasked this responsibility by my group for our project, and found the process pretty interesting. 
There are two ways to accomplish this, either through AWS' console, or through CLI, but I will go over the console process. Some prerequisites need to be cleared first, such as
installing git and AWS CLI onto your machine, as well as CodeDeploy. If youre starting from scratch, then you would need to create files in your github repository. We do this by
creating a folder locally, and creating a markdown file, such as README.md. Next we use git commands from the cli we installed to push the file onto the repository. The following commands
are as follows:

<code>mkdir /tmp/CodeDeployGitHubDemo</code><br>
<code>cd /tmp/CodeDeployGitHubDemo</code><br>
<code>touch README.md</code><br>
<code>git init</code><br>
<code>git add README.md</code>
<code>git commit -m "My first commit"</code>
<code>git remote add origin https://github.com/user-name/CodeDeployGitHubDemo.git</code>
<code>git push -u origin master</code>

This will successfully connect your github and CodeDeploy together. The next step is to handle actual repo deployments using CodeDeploy, and in order to do so,
we need to create an application and deployment group on AWS.
The creation is simple: Open the CodeDeploy console and choose the create application option. Give your application a name, for my project, I named mine CodeDeployGitHubDemo-App.
Select EC2/On- Premises under Compute Platform, then select create application. For the Deployment group, select Create Deployment group under the Deployment groups tab.
Give your group a name, I chose CodeDeployGitHubDemo-DepGrp. For Service Role, [you need to create a service role for CodeDeploy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/getting-started-create-service-role.html).
Choose in place for Deployment type, and for Environment configuration, you're gonna use the EC2 instance that you should already have. For Deployment confiugration choose,
CodeDeployDwfault.AllatOnce. The last step of deployment is to select create deployment on the Deployment group details page, of the deployment group you just created. In revision type,
slect github. If you arent connect already, you must authorize CodeDeploy to interact with github for the application you previously created. Then choose Authorize application.
In the Commit ID box, enter the ID of the commit associated with the push of your application revision to GitHub. Select CodeDeployGitHubDemo in Your Repositories, then paste the commit ID
into the Commit ID box. Select Deploy and you are done!

